NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
LEE:
Lee Toric. U.S. Marshal.
Retired. The nurse that was
murdered, she was my sister.
RICO is dead, bitch.
LEE: These next few months
will be the most
excruciatingly painful time
of your sick
and miserable life.
We haven't heard about Clay.
AUGUST:
You won't. Till he's out
of protective custody.
Someone wants him alive.
LEE:
Former president turning
state's evidence.
Feels like a good way
to create damage.
I ain't giving up shit.
They'll send me back to gen pop
and that'll play out
like expected.
[ALL GRUNTING]
CLAY: Just get it done.
That's gonna be your choice.
[CHATTERING]
[INMATES SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
Friends in the GN said
thank you. Might need this.
WOMAN:
Welcome to Diosa Norte.
LEE:
Do you have to spend time
with them here?
WOMAN:
Most of our escorts do
out-service dates as well.
ERIN: Hey, baby-- Aah!
LEE: Jesus, I'm sorry.
ERIN: You shot me.
LEE: I'm so sorry.
I'm gonna make
all this matter.
[♪♪♪]
ROOSEVELT: Who spotted it?
SHERIFF: 911 call.
Saw a pickup truck pull away
as they stopped to change a flat
and spotted the body.
Why is Wendy
listed on there as guardian?
She's the best choice.
WENDY: I was attacked.
Attacked?
By who?
Some asshole at an NA meeting.
Mexican guy, prison ink,
scary dude.
I know Jax is pissed at me,
but--
GEMMA:
It's okay, let me talk to him.
Are you certain about Wendy?
No. I am certain
about the alternative.
AUGUST:
You still owe us Trager.
About time.
Oh, shit.
[ON STEREO]
♪ Walk around
Your wicked ways ♪
♪And try to cause a scene♪
♪ Still I have
What's left of me ♪
♪ And that's
But a little piece ♪
♪ Still sometimes
I lay at night ♪
♪And night is all I see♪
♪Right beside me is a fire♪
♪ That's holding
All my dreams ♪
[UNSER GROANS]
[COUGHS THEN YELLS]
[MOTORCYCLE APPROACHING]
[APPLIANCE BEEPS]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
You're up early, brother.
Yeah.
I got quite the surprise
last night at the port, man.
August Marks showed up.
Few of Pope's guys. Shit.
I thought it was all going down.
What happened?
He was there looking for you.
Clay's in gen pop. I guess
he's made some kind of deal.
August needs
to talk to you about it.
First thing this morning.
Power towers.
[THOMAS CRYING]
Okay.
Anything else?
No.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Hey.
JAX: Sorry.
TIG: Morning.
Yes, it is.
Okay, well, I'll call August.
You know, the prospects,
they never showed up
with that truck last night.
I mean,
I waited like three hours.
I'm sorry,
that's my bad, brother.
I just got so much shit
going on here.
No, I get it. I do.
Am I good with you, Jax?
Yeah. Yeah.
TIG:
Okay.
It's all good, brother.
All right.
LYLA:
Okay.
He's just pulling in now.
Thank you.
You mind me asking
what happened?
It was an accident.
Work related?
No.
Morning, gentlemen.
How can I help you?
Do you know
a Ms. Erin Byrne?
Yeah. She works here.
She's one of our escorts.
All right.
She was found dead
last night.
Body was dumped
off of Highway 18.
Jesus Christ.
That's a warrant
for your vehicle, Mr. Padilla.
We need to take it in.
The caller who spotted the body
said they saw
a Ford pickup truck
drive away from the scene.
Got one of these for me too?
ROOSEVELT:
Right now we'd just like you
to come down
and answer a few questions.
Hey, I'll call Gemma.
No, you won't.
I don't think
they're open yet.
That's okay.
I like to watch.
JAX:
I got an early-morning visit
from a guy
I never expected to see again.
Let's just say
it wasn't Trager's time.
Little loyalty test, maybe?
If it was, you passed.
And what happened with Clay?
I got him protection.
But I can't control
how that's earned.
Clay offed
a peckerwood shot caller.
Guards didn't see him do it,
but the skinheads did.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
Our angry white friends
are trying to
rebound in San Joaquin.
This could blow back
on the MC.
Okay. I'll dig in.
You couldn't give
this intel to Trager?
Your need to get out of guns.
What happens to that business?
I haven't figured that
out yet.
Irish want to keep the territory
and the customers.
Running guns doesn't sound much
like a Pope Industries venture.
Heh. No, uh-uh,
but it sounds like something
Marks Incorporated might handle.
You hook me up with
the Irish gun distribution,
I'll consider
Trager's debt paid.
Wayne?
Wayne!
UNSER:
Gemma?
GEMMA:
Wayne? What?
[UNSER GROANING]
Oh, my God. Wayne.
Oh, my-- Wayne, here.
Come on.
All right. Oh, my God.
It's gonna be okay.
Get Jax!
Ugh.
It's okay. All right.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
♪Riding through this world
All alone♪
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's path
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye ♪
In the garage, bro.
Holy shit.
CHIBS:
Hey. Clubhouse is clear.
All the action
happened in here.
Your mom found him.
They had him hanging
from the goddamn lift.
JAX: Are you okay?
Yeah.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Who was it?
Three of them. White. Ski masks.
Asshole did the cutting
had these
Nazi hooks
tatted on his neck.
Did they say anything?
[MOTORCYCLE ENGINE REVVING]
Yeah, it was some back and forth
about how bad to carve me up.
Heh. They didn't sound
too organized.
Samdino.
We're gonna find
who did this.
And then what?
Thank you.
TARA: Yeah.
Put Phil and V-Lin
on the gun warehouse.
Hey, no one rides alone.
Yeah, done.
CHIBS:
What brings you north?
Ah, we got this family thing
in Folsom tomorrow.
I thought I'd stop by and get
a little face time with Mother.
Good man.
What's going on?
Morning visit
from the Hitler Youth.
Let's get everyone to the table.
Sure.
Come on, boys.
Come on, son.
Hey.
Thought you cleaned up that
neo-Nazi problem a while back.
We did.
I hope you're here to talk
about the Irish details.
I am, but it's not
the details you want.
Charter voted down the gun deal.
There's too much heat right now.
I know you went out on a limb
to get us that offer.
I wanted to tell you
face-to-face.
That's a big problem for us.
I get that.
Sorry. I pushed for it.
Table said no.
Let me tell the club.
CHUCK:
Excuse me, Jax.
Lyla's been trying
to get ahold of you.
One of the Diosa girls was found
dead this morning, dumped on 18.
Think it was a brunette.
Cute smile. Funny laugh.
Sorry.
Yeah.
You need a tetanus shot
and some antibiotics.
Can you have somebody
bring you by the hospital
later this afternoon?
I'll get
one of the prospects.
Look,
I'm treating him privately.
And by privately,
I mean illegally.
It'd be better to have somebody
bring him by not wearing a cut.
I'll get Chucky.
Yeah. Okay.
Gemma.
What if I had the boys
this morning?
I mean, you bring them--
Drop them by here
sometimes early.
What if I had Abel or the baby
when these assholes showed?
But you didn't.
This time.
I mean, these aren't crazy
hypotheticals I'm spinning here.
There's kids in the mix.
My kids!
My grandchildren.
LIN:
Sorry, Gem.
Line 1.
PHIL:
V-Lin, let's go. Come on.
Yeah.
WENDY [OVER PHONE]:
Hey. It's Wendy.
You got a minute?
What?
Well, Tara's lawyer
reached out to me.
She wants me to sign off
on the guardianship.
I guess Tara's drawing up
another will or something.
GEMMA:
Shit. When?
I don't know, but we need to
talk. I have an hour at lunch.
My house.
Okay. I'll see you then.
Black must've realized they can
use Clay to their advantage.
Had him take out an Aryan
shot caller for protection.
CHIBS:
Shit.
And we get to deal
with the payback
while he's spooning
Mandingo.
We're locked down
till we know who.
Why would Marks
give you the heads-up?
We got business
with Pope Industries.
They're just protecting
their investment.
Do you think these Nazis
had anything to do
with that girl
getting killed?
JAX:
I don't know.
If they were gonna kill anybody,
they would've killed your guy.
We gotta find out
who they are.
Darby.
He's been out
for almost two years.
Married one of his
Mexican workers.
That's exactly
why he'll know.
You don't just turn your back
on the brotherhood.
He's gonna be sleeping
with one eye open.
Well, we got
the Irish in town.
More of them KG-9s.
So we gotta set up a meet
with them.
I was hoping our SoCal brothers
could help us with that.
Maybe take a little
of the Irish trade.
Sorry, boys.
Charter voted it down.
We're here to show respect
for the offer.
We'll deal with the Irish
after Darby.
Can I have a minute, pres?
So that little private chat
that you had with Galen,
is that what this is about?
Handing the guns off
to Samdino?
Irish are never gonna
let us walk away
unless we give the cause
another pipeline.
You're making decisions,
big decisions,
without bringing them here.
That's not how this works.
[SCOFFS]
How this works?
Look at this goddamn charter,
Chibs.
We have become the whipping boy
for the IRA and the Cartel.
We've dwindled to six guys
while RICO and this
psycho marshal circles us,
just waiting for us
to make the next bad move.
Brother, nothing here works.
I'm trying to change that.
I'm trying
to give us a future.
And, yes,
if that means stepping
outside the lines,
or making a couple calls
on the fly,
then that is exactly
what I am gonna do.
Wow.
You know who you sound like?
The guy who used to
sit in that seat.
Everything I do in this club
is for this club.
I'm not Clay.
I never will be.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[DOOR OPENS]
Did I mention Nero Padilla
was tough on his girls?
Erin Byrne,
one of his escorts.
I chatted her up at Diosa.
She seemed willing to talk.
Someone wanted her quiet.
When?
Kill happened
in the morning.
Body was dumped last night
outside Charming.
Eli Roosevelt's turf.
Yeah.
But there may be
some question as to who
he's actually
protecting and serving.
I'll deal with my sheriff.
You get to Stockton.
Get Morrow to sign
that affidavit.
He's a little reluctant
to sign your version.
Page count alone
is making him sweat.
You told me
you had him agreeable.
What I told you was that
you gotta turn a guy like Clay
a notch at a time.
Your commitment spooked him.
Then unspook him.
State's agreement signed
end of day,
or that badge
turns into a paperweight.
I was with Gemma.
We made an early mass
at St. Philips.
Was with her
all last night.
Hey, I had nothing to do
with Erin's death.
Do you have
any idea who might?
Say, a jealous boyfriend?
Violent clients?
I really don't know.
She was sweet,
kind of quiet, actually.
Well, there were no clients
on the books
the night before
she was killed, so...
She have any regulars?
These girls are
free to take outside work.
Okay, look, I'm trying
to give you a chance here, man.
You come clean with me now,
that goes a long way if
we find something in your truck.
Sheriff, I was a junkie thug
pimp for a lot of years, eh?
I served my time.
What I do now,
it's about giving these girls
a better, safer place,
to do the thing
that they're gonna do anyhow.
Heh. Don't kid yourself.
There's no dignity
in what you do.
Call it what you want,
but you make money off of the
low self-esteem of broken women.
I guess we all kid ourselves
about the service we provide.
Why don't you hang around
and wait for CSU to get done
with your truck? Hmm?
Carreira, why don't we make
Mr. Padilla here comfortable?
Now, we don't have a goddess bar
with beer and wine,
but the
coffee's not terrible.
Say,
you working with a marshal?
What marshal?
Day before yesterday,
some marshal came into Diosa,
started talking with my girls.
Erin too. Left a card.
Toric?
Toric, yeah.
Why was he in Diosa's?
I don't know.
But yesterday he roughed up
a couple of my homeboys.
Asking questions
about me and my crew.
What kind of questions?
The ones where the wrong answers
get your teeth smashed in.
No. He's not working
on this investigation.
Maybe somebody
should tell him that.
[OVER SPEAKERS]
♪Leave me be♪
Anything else from Lowen?
Just messages. From Tara.
That's what I need to
talk to you about.
She found out
I came to you for help.
♪Breezes blowing♪
What did she say?
Something's happened with her,
Gemma.
I don't know
if it's the hand,
or having gotten arrested,
but it--
I know she's been through some
awful shit, but she scares me.
Scares you how?
I don't know, like
she's completely disconnected.
And she's so hell-bent
on getting these boys
out of Charming
she's not even thinking about
how bad it could hurt them.
I'm worried.
Mm-mm.
Those boys
aren't going anywhere.
I hope not.
You gotta be careful
because she knows
you're her biggest obstacle.
Mm-hm.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
♪Nothing gold can stay♪
♪Grass keep on growing♪
Hey.
Oh. Uh, sorry.
Chucky told me you were here.
No, no, it's all right.
Nero didn't
want me saying anything.
About what?
Sheriff's picked him up.
They think he had something
to do with Erin's murder.
Been there all morning.
Ah, shit.
Dead hooker.
Hate that.
GEMMA:
I'll be right there. Thanks.
[MOTORCYCLES APPROACHING]
You gotta be shitting me.
Who are they, Ernesto?
It's okay.
Hi.
How's business?
Slow.
What do you want?
Heh.
Just some information.
You need
six guys for that?
Clay's at Stockton.
He offed an Aryan shot caller
to earn protection.
MC caught the blowback.
We need to know
who we should be looking for.
It's not my life no more,
man.
I'm married. I'm doing the
Jesus thing. I can't help you.
Come on, Darby.
You don't just marry the help
and turn in your brown shirt.
No, there's a reason
that you're sanding tables with
a piece in your pants. Come on.
Who's she so afraid of?
One of my old crew,
Eddie Gerber.
Finished up a dime in Chino
a couple months back.
He's recruiting
for the brotherhood.
Trying to reestablish
a street game here in San Joa.
He threaten you?
Not yet.
Where do we find him?
He's got six acres
on the edge of Oswald's land.
It's off the grid.
Hangout or headquarters?
Not sure.
Eddie was always
more talk than walk.
We should do
some reconnaissance.
This Gerber guy
doesn't know who we are.
We just roll up, we act like
we're interested in the cause,
suss out who, how many.
Jax, we got the Irish.
Heh, heh. You and Rat.
Tell them you're father and son.
They love that shit.
[ALL LAUGH]
Wait, wait, what, really?
Really? Me? Come on.
You think I look old enough
to be his old man?
If you wash that shoe polish
out of your hair.
From a guy who's had a faux-hawk
since ninth grade.
Come on, Dad,
we can do this.
My old man used to rape me.
Just saying.
JAX:
Okay.
Now it all makes sense.
You think you could find
Gerber's place?
Probably, but I ain't.
Just take us to the entrance.
Are you crazy?
They see me or know
that I'm helping you--
JAX: The enemy of my enemy--
Is gonna get me killed.
They're not gonna know
you're involved.
We settle our score,
slow down recruitment,
let you and the missus
sleep a little sounder.
Or we use you for bait.
Shit,
this is gonna end up bad.
Okay.
Hey.
You play it safe.
If it looks dicey,
you get the hell out.
Got it.
Go with them.
Watch their back.
We'll meet you here
after the Irish.
Take this dirt road.
Gerber's place should be
about three miles in.
See wagon wheels and metal gate.
All right.
We're not gonna be long,
Juice.
[ON STEREO]
♪Believe in you♪
♪When you said that you
Would be able to♪
Oh, yeah, this looks
like the place, boy.
♪Played a part♪
♪ I was falling
In love with you ♪
What the hell do you want?
TIG: Sorry, bud.
I didn't see no bell
or nothing at the gate.
Who are you?
My name's Al Whiteman.
This is my boy, George.
Really? White man?
Shut up.
I'm looking for Eddie Gerber.
I hear he's looking
for some like-minded folk.
Who told you that?
Some friends in Stockton State.
I just got out.
Proud of you, boy. Proud of you.
Yeah.
We've been told you guys are
looking for some new members.
We'd just like to talk.
Maybe look at your operation.
Well, why would
we wanna talk with you?
Well, about a month ago,
I watched a bunch of niggers
burn my daughter alive.
And I can
still smell her flesh.
We earn big and hate deep.
All right, let's talk.
All right, good.
[GRUNTS]
Look what we found
strolling along the main road.
A race traitor
and his spic boyfriend.
I'll blow his shit out.
Son of a bitch.
He means brains.
He's a little excited right now.
Yeah, so put down the guns.
Now!
Do it.
♪Believe in you♪
Come on.
TIG: Boyfriend, you're driving.
I got it. In the back.
♪While your heart♪
♪Played a part♪
♪ I was falling
In love with you ♪
♪ I've dreamed
10 million dreams ♪
♪ 10 million dreams ♪
Count your days, traitor.
It's just a matter of time
before we come back for you
and that wetback whore.
♪Big dreams, my darling♪
Thanks.
Yeah. Sorry about that, buddy.
Bye-bye.
Unh.
Where's your truck?
There ain't one coming.
We can't take anymore KG-9s,
Galen. I already told you that.
We got too much heat.
You don't have to take them,
just pay for them.
That ain't happening either.
JAX:
Look, we get pinched
with those guns, we're dead.
And then you got nothing.
Have your SoCal charter
take the KG-9s.
We can fold them
into their next shipment.
San Bernardino
voted down the guns.
That's unfortunate.
The Kings are all set
on the idea
of doubling
their business here.
Looks like that burden
falls on you now.
You're not getting
out of guns, son.
The cause needs you.
Greater good.
[SCOFFS]
You know why
my old man wanted out?
[CHUCKLES]
Don't know. Don't care.
Lifetime ago.
JAX:
Yeah, it was.
But nothing's changed.
J.T. realized that
there's nothing more dangerous
than a gangster who thinks
he's got God in his pocket.
The cause may have been
the greater good at one point,
but for guys like you,
Jimmy O,
it's just killing people
with Catholic bullets
to line your own pockets.
[ALL SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
No!
GALEN: Get back!
[GALEN CHUCKLING]
We are done with this game.
I will let you know
if and when we need more guns.
Until then,
hands off my club.
Aye. Hands off.
You just ripped off
a very old scab, Jackie.
Did he call you here?
No.
But why didn't you?
Hey! What kind of bullshit
is this?
That's why.
He has been with me
every night.
So I hear.
He had nothing to do
with that murder.
This is the second guy
in the past two weeks
depending on you
for an alibi.
This one's not a killer.
LT, need a minute.
Give your statement
to Sheriff Carreira.
Eli.
Nero is a good guy.
He would never hurt a woman.
Found clothing fragments,
hair and blood.
They're running the DNA now.
Smeared on the seat,
on the floor, door panel.
Jesus.
Yeah.
Does he look like a guy
that knows his truck
was covered
in incriminating evidence?
He's an OG, right?
Mm-hm.
Maybe he thinks
he cleaned up enough.
This wasn't a vehicle
that was cleaned up.
This was evidence
meant to be found.
What do you mean?
Call Moore's office.
Tell him that I need the file
of a retired Marshal Lee Toric.
Everything that he's got.
Yeah. All right.
[DOOR BUZZES]
You have any idea
how much I've missed you?
[CHUCKLES]
First Jax frames you.
Then, I'm assuming,
he's the one that made
some deal to keep you alive.
You obviously
had to earn that.
Was the stay of execution
because you didn't rat?
Was it some kind of reward?
Huh?
A last-minute
remorse reprieve?
Because we both know it's just
a matter of time before black,
and now white
slits your throat.
I know this is the last thing
you wanna hear,
but I am the only friend
you have left, Clay.
Why don't you
just kill me now?
Every day you refuse
to sign that affidavit
you're gonna wish
you were dead.
[GROANS]
I've known guys like you
my whole life.
You don't hate me
because I'm bad.
You hate me
because I'm familiar.
Guilty.
Hmm. Looks like your arthritis
is flaring up.
We gotta get you
to the infirmary.
Yeah.
Someone there
I want you to see.
I'll make an appointment.
What happened?
TIG: Some of their crew,
spotted Juice and Darby
after we got on the inside.
Goddamn, Juice.
JUICE:
We got out whole, but he--
But now they're coming
after me and Reina.
I'm sorry, man. Bring her
to T-M. We'll keep you safe.
No. This is on me.
It's my wreckage.
Just a matter of time
before this went down.
I gotta handle it.
How big was his crew?
We only saw five guys.
JUICE: Yeah.
The guys that took us
had the Nazi hooks,
but didn't look
like an organized effort.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
What?
Jax, Irish are here.
They're saying
they got a delivery.
They're at the warehouse?
Yeah.
I thought we only took
deliveries at Wahewa.
Tell them to wait.
Okay.
We're on our way.
Hey, Chibs.
The Irish showed up
at Oswald's with the guns.
Shit.
Wait here.
Rat will stick around.
Look, we'll handle Gerber.
It's our wreckage too.
Yeah, okay.
All right, man.
Come on, let's go.
What did Jax say?
He wants them to wait.
Jax says he's on his way.
Get the saw.
Phil! V-Lin!
We're done here for now.
But I'm gonna need your truck
for a little longer.
Something I should know?
ROOSEVELT: Just stay available.
Tell Jax
I need to talk with him.
He's a big boy. He doesn't
listen to his mommy anymore.
I find that hard to believe.
LT.
Gotta wait for the DNA
to come back.
You had more than enough
to hold him.
Yeah, I know.
All the guns are gone
except the KG-9s.
They left both cases.
Call Belfast,
let them know.
Lock it all down,
U.K. charters too.
Juice and Happy are putting them
in the big crates, man.
You be able to find
Gerber's place again?
Yeah, think so.
Why?
What's the plan, Jackie?
We're gonna finish
our Nazi hunt.
I think this club
needs a breather.
We got two crates
filled with hacked-up members.
What this club needs
is to settle a score.
Why don't you take a vote?
I'll proxy Phil.
He says yes.
[FOLK MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO]
♪We snuck down to the forest♪
♪Because of you♪
You still mad I came down?
Roosevelt knows you had
nothing to do with that.
Gotta put some distance here,
Gemma.
From what?
Two months into my connection
with Samcro
and I'm neck-deep in shit
I spent 10 years
trying to get away from.
You're the one that put those
OG colors back on.
Club didn't force that shit.
I know. It's on me.
My choice.
Byzlats. Heh.
We run two blocks
for 25 years,
never been associated
with another crew.
I'm not looking to take on
that kind of weight.
♪ Growing upward
Just like a flower ♪
Am I a part of that?
That weight
you don't wanna take on?
No, Mama.
You're the thing
that I do want here.
Listen to what
I'm trying to say.
Look, I hope
it doesn't come to this,
but if I had to cut ties?
I would want you with me.
This is good for me.
This is good for us.
I love you, Gemma.
♪We won't know this world
As we know it♪
♪Our lives
Will never be the same♪
I love you too.
♪We won't know this world
As we know it♪
♪Yeah, yeah♪
♪Our lives
Will never be the same♪
Jesus Christ.
The side
you can't see looks worse.
A glimpse into your future.
Can I get a minute with him?
He ain't gonna say much.
Hmm.
[CLAY SIGHS]
I'm sorry.
[SNIFFS]
[OTTO CRYING]
CLAY:
No more, brother.
Get me the hell out of here.
[DOOR CLOSES]
The charters
have been alerted.
Tacoma are on their
way down to help.
All right.
Hey.
How are the girls doing?
They're shaken up.
No outcalls for a while.
The sheriffs know anything?
No. Not yet.
You doing okay?
Yeah. Guess so.
It's all
starting to sink in.
Everything okay here?
Yeah. Just routine shit,
you know.
I'm gonna get back.
See you later.
Hey.
GEMMA:
Where are the boys?
St. Thomas with Tara.
Maybe
I'll give Unser a lift,
see if she wants me
to watch them.
That would be good.
I think it's gonna be
a late one for me.
What's really going on?
The Irish.
We're on lockdown.
We lost Phil and V-Lin.
Oh, God.
Handle it here?
Yeah.
[BUZZES]
LEE:
I was hoping you had some time
to reconsider your options.
You really think seeing how you
destroyed one of my brothers
is gonna scare me
into your corner?
It should.
Otto made sure his
RICO testimony was useless.
That doesn't mean he can't give
state's evidence in other cases.
Like, say, one against you.
He's ratted once.
The condition he's in...
Sign this right now and
my deal is still on the table.
I'll help you
beat this murder rap,
get you set you up
in WitSec.
Last chance.
Otto ain't gonna rat again.
Tomorrow morning,
the gentlemen
who have been visiting Otto
are stopping by
to see you too.
I suggest
you get some sleep.
May be the last time
you ever lay down comfortably.
[LEE CHUCKLES]
These go back
before you were married.
Yeah.
I was a croweater
for almost a year
before Jax and I started
hooking up.
That's all I could remember.
LOWEN:
And you would be willing
to testify about the violence?
I guess.
Yes, yes.
[THOMAS CRYING]
Sweetheart.
Did you talk to Gemma?
Yeah. Told her everything
you wanted.
She wants me to keep
feeding her your dirt.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Oh, uh...
Sorry. I heard the baby.
I thought
it was just you in here, doc.
Shit.
Oh, uh...
I'm sorry--
TARA: No, it's okay.
Look, I know you're--
Hey.
Here.
I didn't know you
were coming by.
Yeah. She's my ride.
I was gonna see if you wanted
me to watch the boys.
Is Abel in here?
UNSER: No.
He's down at day care.
I was about to go get him.
Everything okay?
TARA: Yeah.
You know, I'm just
treating him on the QT.
Oh. Right, right.
Yeah, we really
appreciate that.
How about I take the boys
home, you help Wayne?
That would be great.
Okay.
Thank you.
Here, take that.
Go with Grandma.
Come on, babe.
There you go.
Oh.
There we go.
You give him a ride back to T-M?
TARA: Of course.
GEMMA:
All right.
Mm-hm.
Thank you, Wayne.
Yeah.
Um....
I'll just wait out here
till you're done.
Okay.
And, doc?
At some point I'm gonna ask
a few questions.
I know.
[GROANS]
Shit.
[GUNS COCKING]
Let's do this.
Wipe down the guns.
Make it look like
an internal beef.
Stash the KG-9s
in the house.
Then burn it all down.
Can I have a minute
with him, please?
I know how much pain
I've caused you.
Do you want it to stop?
Mm-hm.
Me too.
I'm glad you
got to see Clay.
He's betrayed the club.
That's why he's here.
I'm sure you know more
about that than I do.
Clay's not a member.
You wouldn't be ratting out
the MC.
Just give me something.
Give me something
I can use against him.
And I'll make the time
you have left here
very comfortable.
OTTO [IN MUFFLED VOICE]
My hand.
Mm.
Otto.
Hmm.
It's okay.
That's good.
That's real good.
Mm-hm.
You animal.
[LEE GRUNTING]
[YELLS]
[GROANING]
Get out! Get out!
[ALARM RINGING]
GUARD:
We need help in the infirmary!
Wow.
I didn't even see
that coming.
[CHIBS CLEARS THROAT]
Talked to Belfast.
They're up to speed.
They'll just try to find
some known IRA addresses here
in North Cal.
We're off to Oswald's now.
Okay.
[CHRIS GOSS & FOREST RANGERS'
"SITTING ON TOP" PLAYING]
♪ It was in the spring ♪
♪One sunny day♪
Drop the knife!
♪My sweetheart left me♪
♪Went away♪
♪And now she's gone♪
♪And I don't worry♪
♪ While I'm sitting on top
Of the world ♪
♪Mississippi River♪
♪Is deep and wide♪
♪My sweetheart left me♪
♪On the other side♪
♪And now she's gone♪
♪But I don't worry♪
♪ While I'm sitting on the top
Of the world ♪
♪ I'm sitting on top
♪Ooh♪
♪Don't you like my peaches♪
♪Don't you sit on my tree♪
♪Get out of my orchard♪
♪Let my peaches be♪
♪And now she's gone♪
♪And I don't worry♪
♪ While I'm sitting on top
Of the world ♪
♪ I'm sitting on top
Bury them.
Of the world ♪
♪ I'm sitting on top
[♪♪♪]